doc: Azure doc fixes (#153)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/azure/GettingStarted/AzureCLI.rst

.. _azure-install-cli:

Install the Azure CLI
#####################

To install the Azure CLI, follow the instructions in the `Azure CLI documentation <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest>`_.

After installing the CLI, you can execute the ``az`` command:

.. code-block:: bash

   az

Dockerizing the az command
==========================

> In case you encounter the issue where the Azure CLI requires an `older Python version <https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/issues/11239>`_, you can dockerize it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you encounter the issue where the Azure CLI requires an `older Python version <https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/issues/11239>`_, you can dockerize the az command:
```
